solid and now welcome back to
a new year
what do I know breaking news the project
skin side has become a bit
It is not just changed here
below the project so far colored and
clickable but the other points
now here I actually
was and in the beginning I want to have me
something else down here at the
year suding we have this number 56 9
31 48 07 39
and that's up here on the podium
race load so the database one
The result is that the number is the same
that's what's coming up right now
let's say catch we catch here
click on the bottom left but that
straight at turns red and then
let's go on and we'll see her
now weapons
now the weapons have been updated and
Below we see a repair
status the reminder is faulty
But here she will be
93 percent just seems to be
just repairs this high frequency
I'll get the lyrics second
will read
that's just how plasma is
through tailors and they act like you
wear name striker and that reminds
you if you have a closer look, the
it sounds like sad and right here
nor will I in this rapidly purely
it has now been cut to the pnp de
shop on the pda account in the shop
there is now a placeholder with
a project that is called a project set
In the name of a child, project set costs 1350
api and that's exactly what you could say
project red bull confirmed here
we too sound like that
Let's continue in the middle of that
Let's look now, yes, here and here
So we have people guns so me
would say two pistols very clear
Clear
20 + s 10 light protect old things
but here pay off and glorify here
strong light amplifier think
confirms the project very clearly
Blue Ocean at the time where I am
I do not know how to shoot video
probably also at the op de shop
to be there
as I said there are no pictures
but the placeholder comes after and then
we are here at the sign of the energy
plays and I think so we can
then really on project leona
fall down retractable punch tank laser
cut brace that is one
pool the shield of leona I think so too
relatively constant we will be there soon
learn and if I have 100 videos too
I make this project dinger people
Keep up to date
By the way, equipped means a new one
nd 08 energie is up here now
we have a weapon here that we
No one can associate with the thing
at 9 98 percent but that was it now
already for a few hours
That's why I still have a little bit
waited and it is called hyper light alpha
blade
here it is speculated as well as the
same number and to rejoice that is
hold the thing
There are some speculations
more and more compact that one
could give new champion
it's all just not theories
is confirmed and that this champion
because he also the same number as aso
jesus has deceased brother jong
maybe as a project cyborg
Come back I do not know I have to
say I think that loud technically
funny because these projects are as
child that somehow does not fit all
I think in the laue but let's see
maybe you have somebody in new ones
technological wonders spawned
heimerdinger or victor or somebody
and now we have him together again
Fiddled or whatever I am
curious as I said no one knows
somehow a champion of his
I would have been a doppelganger myself
insanely over 1 million or over
to another champion with such a
we had a little friend again shortly
race is black us cycling
schneider 09 8x fusion sound like that
maybe somebody just like that
time to browse
If I'm thrilling we'll do it here
remains second with last year
still open
and with that , we confirm affectionate people
now the other theories the 1000
Stegen scarlett Stegen lets us
already on a certain champion
then close it is quite safe as a
pink red and the dsk has something
also female is against female
scarlett how scarlet who has one
red stripes werthein red steel and
who has an against people it is a lot and
as well as set is for yes already
in front of zmp de shop as a project project
viewer platzhalter döns in the shop for
1350 rp yes I do not know who the video
Maybe there will be new ones
champions but i think this is here
everything pretty clear except that it is
So people that's no or so
that will be for 0 tools here and here
Sound and here we have the
I do not read blade cutters now
normal for you yes i would say it
Everything is said I can be here too
again show the picture or have
I probably skin too also
link.de I want to say we see each other
again with the project zeug if it
something new there
Thank you for your attention
remains up to date with over regulated
the new champion or what that is
could be a new child are you thinking
champion
that could be if not we will
next projectinfo video
until then